[Pages] nextjs deployment guide (#12901)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/deploy-a-static-nextjs-site.md

This guide will instruct you how to deploy a static site Next.js project with [static exports](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying/static-exports).

{{<render file="_tutorials-before-you-start.md">}}

## Select your Next.js project

If you already have a Next.js project that you wish to deploy, ensure that it is [configured for static exports](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying/static-exports), change to its directory, and proceed to the next step. Otherwise, use `create-next-app` to create a new Next.js project.

```sh
$ npx create-next-app --example with-static-export my-app
```

After creating your project, a new `my-app` directory will be generated using the official [`with-static-export`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-static-export) example as a template. Change to this directory to continue.

```sh
$ cd my-app
```

### Create a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub by running the following commands in your terminal:

```sh

> git remote add origin https://github.com/<GH_USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY_NAME>
> git branch -M main
> git push -u origin main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/<GH_USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY_NAME>.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

```

### Deploy your application to Cloudflare Pages

To deploy your site to Pages:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. In Account Home, select **Workers & Pages** > **Create application** > **Pages** > **Connect to Git**.
3. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, select _Next.js (Static HTML Export)_ as your **Framework preset**. Your selection will provide the following information.

{{<pages-build-preset framework="next-js-static">}}

> After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `next`, your project dependencies, and building your site before deploying it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. Cloudflare Pages will install `next`, your project dependencies, and build your site before deploying it.
```
Avoiding "see".

## Preview your site

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`.

> Every time you commit new code to your Next.js site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/pages/configuration/preview-deployments/) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Every time you commit new code to your Next.js site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/pages/configuration/preview-deployments/) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.
```
Add an empty line so that we start a new paragraph.
